== Overview

Rake task which creates translated locales files of a rails project from source locales. 

Translations are 'bulk' translations from google, and might be reviewed but that's a easy first step.

Create your locales files with your own language and run the task with targeted languages.

It uses the gem 'easy_translator' which use google translations api.

== Installation

  gem install i18n_translator

and require the gem in your rails project

  gem 'i18n_translator'

== Usage

  rake i18n:translate['en','fr;es'].

Separate targets languages symbols with semicolons.

<b>/!\ Don't put space after the coma for rake tasks parameters.</b>

With no additional argument, it will translate and create locales for <b>all</b> your source locales.

If you want to just do the work with only one locale source, pass an additional path to file source argument to rake tasks :

  rake i18n:translate['en','fr;es','config/locales/user/en.yml'].

== Convention

The source locale is supposed to be named <lang>.yml where lang is the language symbol (fr, en , es ... and so on)

== Example

- config
 - locales
  - models
   - user
    - en.yml
   - book
    - en.yml
    
Will generate :

- config
 - locales
  - models
   - user
    - en.yml
    - fr.yml
    - es.yml
   - book
    - en.yml
    - fr.yml
    - es.yml
  
== Dependencies

* rake
* easy_translator    

== TO-DOs

Add options to be more flexible ; ie pass a translator lambda to use other translator.

== Issues

Sometimes phrases with interpolations are not double quoted


== Licence

MIT Licence